finished codepen url: https://codepen.io/bungjiga/pen/xxqpBqK?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It's HTML that gives meaning to markup

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It's used for the structure of the website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It gives more information to a tag that it can use which goes a tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for a main header and should be used once but can be used multiple times.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    An anchor tag and img tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    You put the title of the page in title tags.

    7. What is an id? 
    It is a element selector that can only be used once.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id element to anything as long as it's used once.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only one time.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a element selector that can be used multiple times.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add the class element to anything multiple times.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You can use the target attribute and set it to "_blank".

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It's used for screen reader to read content on the page.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    In the stylesheet you reference it by typing '#' followed by the name set to the id.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a semantic element which says that the elements inside are grouped. While
    a div doesn't really say anything about the elements inside of it.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Css is used to style html elements.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    We can use the h2 selector in a css stylesheet.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class can be used multiple times when wanting to style multiple elements like multiple 'info' sections on
    a website. While an id can be used to only style one specific element like a button that has to be styled a
    certain way.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    We use them by using the "." character and then referencing the name. 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    We can use .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It is a selector that is used to select an element with a specific parent. It is useful when trying to
    style a specific element inside of a parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    You can use .sidebar > a

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It is a element that selects a element in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    We can use the line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    We use the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    We can use the text-transform property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    You can say 'border: 1px dotted black;'

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    You can use the '*' selector which is the universal selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    You write it like this, /* message here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Use the 'pwd' command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Using the 'ls' command
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Using the 'del' command. You have to becareful because it won't give a warning and permanently
    delete the file.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    To keep track of changes and make it easier to collaborate on.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes or when major changes are made.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin name-here

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the repo.
        2. Clone the repo on your local machine.
        3. Run git checkout -b 'name-here'
        4. Run git add .
        5. Run git commit -m "Message here"
        6. Run git push -u origin 'name-here'.
        7. Create a pull request on github.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 